system-variables: add doc for `tidb_max_dist_task_nodes` (#20718)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Range: `[100, 16384]`
- This variable is used to set the maximum number of schema versions (the table IDs modified for corresponding versions) allowed to be cached. The value range is 100 ~ 16384.

### tidb_max_dist_task_nodes <span class="version-mark">New in v9.0.0</span>

- Scope:SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `-1`
- Range: `-1` or `[1, 128]`

> - This variable defines the maximum number of TiDB nodes that can be used by the Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF). The default value is `-1`, which indicates automatic mode. In automatic mode, TiDB dynamically calculates the value as `min(3, tikv_nodes / 3)`, where `tikv_nodes` represents the number of TiKV nodes in the cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
- This variable defines the maximum number of TiDB nodes that can be used by the Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF). The default value is `-1`, which indicates that automatic mode is enabled. In automatic mode, TiDB dynamically calculates the value as `min(3, tikv_nodes / 3)`, where `tikv_nodes` represents the number of TiKV nodes in the cluster.
```

> - This variable defines the maximum number of TiDB nodes that can be used by the Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF). The default value is `-1`, which indicates that automatic mode is enabled. In automatic mode, TiDB dynamically calculates the value as `min(3, tikv_nodes / 3)`, where `tikv_nodes` represents the number of TiKV nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable defines the maximum number of TiDB nodes that can be used by the Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF) task. The default value is `-1`, which indicates that automatic mode is enabled. In automatic mode, TiDB dynamically calculates the value as `min(3, tikv_nodes / 3)`, where `tikv_nodes` represents the number of TiKV nodes in the cluster.
```

> **Note:**
> 

> > If you explicitly set the [`tidb_service_scope`](#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) system variable for some TiDB nodes, the Distributed eXecution Framework will only schedule tasks to these nodes. In this case, even if `tidb_max_dist_task_nodes` is set to a larger value, the actual number of TiDB nodes used will not exceed the number of nodes explicitly set by `tidb_service_scope`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you explicitly set the [`tidb_service_scope`](#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) system variable for some TiDB nodes, the Distributed eXecution Framework schedules tasks only to these nodes. In this case, even if you set `tidb_max_dist_task_nodes` to a larger value, the framework uses no more than the number of nodes explicitly configured with `tidb_service_scope`.
```

> > For example, in a cluster with 10 TiDB nodes, if 4 nodes have the same `tidb_service_scope` value set to `group1`, and you also set `tidb_max_dist_task_nodes = 5`, the actual number of TiDB nodes participating in task execution will be `4`, instead of `5`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For example, in a cluster with 10 TiDB nodes, if 4 nodes have the same `tidb_service_scope` value set to `group1`, and you also set `tidb_max_dist_task_nodes = 5`, the actual number of TiDB nodes participating in distributed task execution will be `4`, instead of `5`.
```

> > For example, in a cluster with 10 TiDB nodes, if 4 nodes have the same `tidb_service_scope` value set to `group1`, and you also set `tidb_max_dist_task_nodes = 5`, the actual number of TiDB nodes participating in distributed task execution will be `4`, instead of `5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> For example, if the cluster has 10 TiDB nodes, and 4 of them are configured with `tidb_service_scope = group1`, then even if you set `tidb_max_dist_task_nodes = 5`, only 4 nodes participate in task execution.
```
